---
layout: post
title: Daily Bailey Blog, May 19 Tuesday
tag: nvp
---

Today is our first true day in Ntisaw, Cameroon. We arrived in the village late last night dirty and exhausted. Our cook Marceline made us some dinner, but we could hardly taste it, we were all so excited to crawl into bed. I am a bit disappointed that we arrived at night because I couldn’t get a good look at the village until this morning. However, there is something equally as magical about that. Waking up to the sound of chickens and cows and emerging to a location unlike anything that you have ever seen. The village and all of its homes are beautiful. Everything is made of red brick and the houses are topped with shiny tin roofs. It is the wet season so everything is teaming with green life. The color is so bright and creates a beautiful contrast to the red dirt.

Since it is our first day in the village we do not have much planned. The biggest thing that we want to accomplish today is showing our faces to the village. To let them know that we are here and that we are looking forward to working with them. First thing in the morning we take a walk through the main road in town to say hello to people and to stop by a small shop to pick up tea. Everyone that we pass is overjoyed to see Nora. Nora is a member of our EWB group and this is her fifth trip to Ntisaw, last spring she lived in the village for five months. These people are like family to her and they are all so excited to be reunited. Everyone that we pass says good morning and asks us how we are doing with the local greeting, Wasake. They all greet us with handshakes and hugs and assure us how welcome we are in the village. Going to Ntisaw has been my dream for the past two years and I am so excited to be here.

When we return to Pastor Julius’ home we have a wonderful breakfast of pancakes and nutella waiting for us. We spend the rest of the morning talking to villagers and planning out the rest of the week. That afternoon we walked the water system and toured all of the water tanks. Although I had heard much about our system and tanks it solidified everything I had learned about them by seeing them in person. This walk was made much more fun by the addition of a handful of neighborhood kids. Most of the kids skipped school that day because it was our first day in the village. So everywhere we went a pack of kids went with us. And they were always eager to hold our hands. I enjoy their company; they make me feel even more welcome to the community.
